{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 What is Cheddar?\ulnone \
A 
\i stew
\i0 \
 - Simulation\
 - Game\
 - Teaching toolx\
\
Another way to describe what it is might be in order. All of these elements are necessary in making it work. Not trying to disguise an deceive. Does not want this to be rejected because it appears too much of a learning tool. The balance between learning and gaming is importance.\
\
\ul Google talk (gamification):\
\ulnone There has been one teaching tool that has really worked. Carmen Santiago.\
\
\ul LEAF Conference:\
\ulnone IBM is doing work in this space (open source software)\
\
\ul Initial Complexity:\ulnone \
Complex enough so that a non-visual person who can understand exactly how the system works. The prototype has to be enough for her to take this to investors. The actual game might be more complex but we can certainly build her a system that gives the user 
\b feedback
\b0  as opposed to 
\b animation
\b0 . The focus for this will be on the user's experience. Are they understanding what is really happening? She is trying to get a prototype and then move forward. The prototype must justify the entire project.\
\
\ul What she needs:\
\ulnone An extremely detailed description of what we think the prototype would look like. Very details and why they should be a certain way. She really wants to see if we are in the same direction. SHe wants to see deadlines and accurate predictions of the projects. She wants us to pick apart the project and shed light on aspects of it that may give us problems. More actual deliverables. SHe likes details and wants everything laid out (cutting the onions). Some wireframes. Things that we need from her.\
\
\ul What we have now:\
\ulnone Cheddar has a logo. However thy have no other visual content...\
\

\b Vicki's Digits:
\b0  315-884-5493 }